power ages 3-6 date to believe my
favorite color sir yeah the car I think
I old woman's quite scared doing it
think we needed for our victory oh yeah
but you think yeah I thought you gonna
say I think we need a helper good i like
the bad power whether the with a real
power rangers please but we're doing
what the option to score tickets get it
off is invincible I swear she just
televised way she keep getting off so
she's the boss of all bosses just keeps
getting good or just on your thingy she
was a what's he doing right I'm gonna
get some pace and just like smashing oh
right she still uh maybe cuz because
move
oh right i'm getting all right third
time lucky we're gonna do this you go
oooh she's done one nil one ooh no car
mmm cookie mr. another face is she ugly
dead Yeah right we need more I gonna dis
Luca don't do we're here today tomorrow
the absolute tank that is Margaret
Thatcher are we here to resurrect the
woman there it goes through so much I'm
totally I could take what the hell no no
one sec stay still what will you do it
it's their circles I'm premier know
right oh god what you get for something
next to me too yeah you asked for it
right we have to wait for all probably
thought another funeral funeral and arms
break around the corner I'm going to
continue the service right watch out
watch out i'm not i don't want to put
you as well all right let me make my
bike right
here we go maybe a bye bye everybody
then I give me a sec I like us the oil
didn't yeah it's not working oh god yeah
I'm out of here I'm dead and we're here
dead my funeral will be on Superman
kizaru we need justice Oh Quinn back
from the dead woman get away ah my
vehicle has been in yeah Wow actually
got a flower what the hell who what is
called old man's pilot raffia old man's
crack gah I don't realize what I just
said we're gonna go off get it with more
p living room gonna go off all month
craft right boys let's go now no no I in
it it is a power rangers game night but
God do this gonna get over this hill
gonna make it stir this bleeding forget
it up top and see oh we're gonna make it
no
I'm not 42 haider right now Inc bowing
go powers activating everywhere Oh God
well good job of got a parachute no
anger I draw how hired one chase my bite
on the hill good ear like to the urine
no it's literally going over the hill it
is appear it does appear next to means
that slide it all there is it's the bike
spike your bikes on the suit on the hill
the one rule albeit it's the Sanchez
I'll come back to the top now if I can
make it yeah I'm going back right when I
beat my heart we're gonna go I'm gonna
do this so yeah yeah I'm dead all four
of us how even word but not with him